c12305e jenkins 2022-03-16

Download imx-android-12.0.0_1.0.0.tar.gz from nxp.com

Change-Id: I3ef33cc8937590af2fb609f7cf30041cf73e5821

diff --git a/COPYING b/COPYING
index 593f211..d847ba4 100644
--- a/COPYING
+++ b/COPYING
@@ -1,5 +1,4 @@
-LA_OPT_NXP_Software_License v31 December 2021
-
+LA_OPT_NXP_Software_License v34 February 2022
 IMPORTANT.  Read the following NXP Software License Agreement ("Agreement")
 completely. By selecting the "I Accept" button at the end of this page, or by
 downloading, installing, or using the Licensed Software, you indicate that you
@@ -14,7 +13,6 @@ then that agreement shall govern your use of the Licensed Software and shall
 supersede this Agreement.
 
 NXP SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
-
 This is a legal agreement between your employer, of which you are an authorized
 representative, or, if you have no employer, you as an individual ("you" or
 "Licensee"), and NXP B.V. ("NXP").  It concerns your rights to use the software
@@ -30,9 +28,7 @@ Software in your possession or control. Any copies of the Licensed Software
 that you have already distributed, where permitted, and do not destroy will
 continue to be governed by this Agreement. Your prior use will also continue to
 be governed by this Agreement.
-
 1.       DEFINITIONS
-
 1.1.         "Affiliate" means, with respect to a party, any corporation or
 other legal entity that now or hereafter Controls, is Controlled by or is under
 common Control with such party; where "Control" means the direct or indirect
@@ -40,62 +36,49 @@ ownership of greater than fifty percent (50%) of the shares or similar
 interests entitled to vote for the election of directors or other persons
 performing similar functions. An entity is considered an Affiliate only so long
 as such Control exists.
-
-1.2       "Authorized System" means either (i) Licensee's hardware product
-which incorporates an NXP Product or (ii) Licensee's software program which is
-used exclusively in connection with an NXP Product and with which the Licensed
+1.2	"Authorized System" means either (i) Licensee's hardware product which
+incorporates an NXP Product or (ii) Licensee's software program which is used
+exclusively in connection with an NXP Product and with which the Licensed
 Software will be integrated.
-
-1.3.      "Derivative Work" means a work based upon one or more pre-existing
+1.3.	"Derivative Work" means a work based upon one or more pre-existing
 works.  A work consisting of editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or
 other modifications which, as a whole, represent an original work of
 authorship, is a Derivative Work.
-
-1.4       "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights under
-statute, common law or equity in and under copyrights, trade secrets, and
-patents (including utility models), and analogous rights throughout the world,
+1.4	"Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights under statute,
+common law or equity in and under copyrights, trade secrets, and patents
+(including utility models), and analogous rights throughout the world,
 including any applications for and the right to apply for, any of the foregoing.
-
-1.5       "NXP Product" means a hardware product (e.g. a microprocessor,
-microcontroller, sensor or digital signal processor) supplied directly or
-indirectly from NXP or an NXP Affiliate, unless there is a product specified in
-the Software Content Register, in which case this definition is limited to such
-product.
-
+1.5	"NXP Product" means a hardware product (e.g. a microprocessor,
+microcontroller, sensor or digital signal processor) and/or services (e.g.
+cloud platform services) supplied directly or indirectly from NXP or an NXP
+Affiliate, unless there is a product specified in the Software Content
+Register, in which case this definition is limited to such product.
 1.6      "Software Content Register" means the documentation which may
 accompany the Licensed Software which identifies the contents of the Licensed
 Software, including but not limited to identification of any Third Party
 Software, if any, and may also contain other related information as whether the
 license in 2.3 is applicable.
-
 1.7     "Third Party Software" means, any software included in the Licensed
 Software that is not NXP proprietary software, and is not open source software,
 and to which different license terms may apply.
-
 2.       LICENSE GRANT.
-
 2.1.         If you are not expressly granted the distribution license in
 Section 2.3 in the Software Content Register, then you are only granted the
 rights in Section 2.2 and not in 2.3.  If you are expressly granted the
 distribution license in Section 2.3 in the Software Content Register, then you
 are granted the rights in both Section 2.2 and 2.3.
-
-2.2.      Standard License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
+2.2.	Standard License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
 Agreement, NXP grants you a worldwide, personal, non-transferable,
 non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license, solely for the development of an
 Authorized System:
-
-(a)        to use and reproduce the Licensed Software (and its Derivative Works
+(a)	to use and reproduce the Licensed Software (and its Derivative Works
 prepared under the license in Section 2.2(b)) solely in combination with a NXP
 Product; and
-
-(b)        for Licensed Software provided to you in source code form (human
+(b)	for Licensed Software provided to you in source code form (human
 readable), to prepare Derivative Works of the Licensed Software solely for use
 in combination with a NXP Product.
-
 You may not distribute or sublicense the Licensed Software to others under the
 license granted in this Section 2.2.
-
 You may demonstrate the Licensed Software to your direct customers as part of
 an Authorized System so long as such demonstration is directly controlled by
 you and without prior approval by NXP; however, to all other third parties only
@@ -103,34 +86,29 @@ if NXP has provided its advance, written approval (e.g. email approval) of your
 demonstrating the Licensed Software to specified third parties or at specified
 event(s).  You may not leave the Licensed Software with a direct customer or
 any other third party at any time.
-
 2.3.        Additional Distribution License.  If expressly authorized in the
 Software Content Register, subject to the terms and conditions of this
 Agreement, NXP grants you a worldwide, personal, non-transferable,
 non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license solely in connection with your
 manufacturing and distribution of an Authorized System:
-
-(a)            to manufacture (or have manufactured), distribute, and market
-the Licensed Software (and its Derivative Works prepared under the license in
+(a)	to manufacture (or have manufactured), distribute, and market the
+Licensed Software (and its Derivative Works prepared under the license in
 2.2(b)) in object code (machine readable format) only as part of, or embedded
 within, Authorized Systems and not on a standalone basis solely for use in
 combination with a NXP Product.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, those files
 marked as .h files ("Header files") may be distributed in source or object code
 form, but only as part of, or embedded within Authorized Systems; and
-
-(b)            to copy and distribute as needed, solely in connection with an
+(b)	to copy and distribute as needed, solely in connection with an
 Authorized System and for use in combination with a NXP Product,
 non-confidential NXP information provided as part of the Licensed Software for
 the purpose of maintaining and supporting Authorized Systems with which the
 Licensed Software is integrated.
-
-2.4       Separate license grants to Third Party Software, or other terms
+2.4	Separate license grants to Third Party Software, or other terms
 applicable to the Licensed Software if different from those granted in this
 Section 2, are contained in Appendix A. The Licensed Software may be
 accompanied by a Software Content Register which will identify that portion of
 the Licensed Software, if any, that is subject to the different terms in
 Appendix A.
-
 2.5.         You may use subcontractors on your premises to exercise your
 rights under Section 2.2 and Section 2.3, if any, so long as you have an
 agreement in place with the subcontractor containing confidentiality
@@ -138,41 +116,33 @@ restrictions no less stringent than those contained in this Agreement. You will
 remain liable for your subcontractors' adherence to the terms of this Agreement
 and for any and all acts and omissions of such subcontractors with respect to
 this Agreement and the Licensed Software.
-
 3.       LICENSE LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS.
-
 3.1.         The licenses granted above in Section 2 only extend to NXP
 Intellectual Property Rights that would be infringed by the unmodified Licensed
 Software prior to your preparation of any Derivative Work.
-
 3.2.         The Licensed Software is licensed to you, not sold. Title to
 Licensed Software delivered hereunder remains vested in NXP or NXP's licensor
 and cannot be assigned or transferred. You are expressly forbidden from selling
 or otherwise distributing the Licensed Software, or any portion thereof, except
 as expressly permitted herein. This Agreement does not grant to you any implied
 rights under any NXP or third party Intellectual Property Rights.
-
 3.3.         You may not translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble
 the Licensed Software except to the extent applicable law specifically
 prohibits such restriction. You must prohibit your subcontractors or customers
 (if distribution is permitted) from translating, reverse engineering,
 decompiling, or disassembling the Licensed Software except to the extent
 applicable law specifically prohibits such restriction.
-
 3.4.         You must reproduce any and all of NXP's (or its third-party
 licensor's) copyright notices and other proprietary legends on copies of
 Licensed Software.
-
 3.5.         If you distribute the Licensed Software to the United States
 Government, then the Licensed Software is "restricted computer software" and is
 subject to FAR 52.227-19.
-
 3.6.         You grant to NXP a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable,
 perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable license under your
 Intellectual Property Rights to use without restriction and for any purpose any
 suggestion, comment or other feedback related to the Licensed Software
 (including, but not limited to, error corrections and bug fixes).
-
 3.7.         You will not take or fail to take any action that could subject
 the Licensed Software to an Excluded License. An Excluded License means any
 license that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution of
@@ -180,13 +150,11 @@ software subject to the Excluded License, that such software or other software
 combined and/or distributed with the software be (i) disclosed or distributed
 in source code form; (ii) licensed for the purpose of making Derivative Works;
 or (iii) redistributable at no charge.
-
 3.8.         You may not publish or distribute reports associated with the use
 of the Licensed Software to anyone other than NXP.  You may advise NXP of any
 results obtained from your use of the Licensed Software, including any problems
 or suggested improvements thereof, and NXP retains the right to use such
 results and related information in any manner it deems appropriate.
-
 4.       OPEN SOURCE.         Open source software included in the Licensed
 Software is not licensed under the terms of this Agreement but is instead
 licensed under the terms of the applicable open source license(s), such as the
@@ -194,12 +162,9 @@ BSD License, Apache License or the GNU Lesser General Public License. Your use
 of the open source software is subject to the terms of each applicable license.
 You must agree to the terms of each applicable license, or you cannot use the
 open source software.
-
 5.       INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
-
 Upon request, you must provide NXP the source code of any derivative of the
 Licensed Software.
-
 Unless prohibited by law, the following paragraph shall apply.  Your
 modifications to the Licensed Software, and all intellectual property rights
 associated with, and title thereto, will be the property of NXP.  You agree to
@@ -212,30 +177,24 @@ rights of identification of authorship and all rights of approval, restriction,
 or limitation on use or subsequent modification.  Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, you will have the license rights granted in Section 2 hereto to any
 such modifications made by you or your licensees.
-
 Otherwise, you agree to grant an irrevocable, worldwide, and perpetual license
 to NXP to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, commercialize,
 sublicense and reproduce your modifications or derivative works to the Licensed
 Software without any payment to Licensee. You agree to provide all assistance
 reasonably requested by NXP to establish, preserve or enforce such right.
-
 6.       ESSENTIAL PATENTS.    NXP has no obligation to identify or obtain any
 license to any Intellectual Property Right of a third-party that may be
 necessary for use in connection with technology that is incorporated into the
 Authorized System (whether or not as part of the Licensed Software).
-
 7.       TERM AND TERMINATION.   This Agreement will remain in effect unless
 terminated as provided in this Section.
-
 7.1.         You may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice
 to NXP at the address provided below.
-
 7.2.         Either party may terminate this Agreement if the other party is in
 default of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and termination
 is effective if the defaulting party fails to correct such default within 30
 days after written notice thereof by the non-defaulting party to the defaulting
 party at the address below.
-
 7.3.         Notwithstanding the foregoing, NXP may terminate this Agreement
 immediately upon written notice if you: breach any of your confidentiality
 obligations or the license restrictions under this Agreement;  become bankrupt,
@@ -243,17 +202,13 @@ insolvent, or file a petition for bankruptcy or insolvency; make an assignment
 for the benefit of its creditors; enter proceedings for winding up or
 dissolution; are dissolved; or are nationalized or become subject to the
 expropriation of all or substantially all of your business or assets.
-
 7.4.         Upon termination of this Agreement, all licenses granted under
 Section 2 will expire.
-
 7.5.         After termination of this Agreement by either party   you will
 destroy all parts of Licensed Software and its Derivative Works (if any) and
 will provide to NXP a statement certifying the same.
-
 7.6.         Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement for any reason,
 the terms of Sections 1 and 3 through 24 will survive.
-
 8.        SUPPORT.  NXP is not obligated to provide any support, upgrades or
 new releases of the Licensed Software under this Agreement. If you wish, you
 may contact NXP and report problems and provide suggestions regarding the
@@ -261,7 +216,6 @@ Licensed Software. NXP has no obligation to respond to such a problem report or
 suggestion. NXP may make changes to the Licensed Software at any time, without
 any obligation to notify or provide updated versions of the Licensed Software
 to you.
-
 9.        NO WARRANTY.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, NXP expressly
 disclaims any warranty for the Licensed Software. The Licensed Software is
 provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied,
@@ -269,13 +223,11 @@ including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness
 for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. You assume the entire risk
 arising out of the use or performance of the licensed software, or any systems
 you design using the licensed software (if any).
-
 10.        INDEMNITY. You agree to fully defend and indemnify NXP from all
 claims, liabilities, and costs (including reasonable attorney's fees) related
 to (1) your use (including your subcontractor's or distributee's use, if
 permitted) of the Licensed Software or (2) your violation of the terms and
 conditions of this Agreement.
-
 11.        LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR A BREACH OF
 SECTION 2 (LICENSE GRANTS), SECTION 3 (LICENSE LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS),
 SECTION 16 (CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION), OR CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 10 (INDEMNITY),
@@ -288,7 +240,6 @@ COSTS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS, OR LOSSES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
 WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR PRODUCT(S) SUPPLIED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO
 THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO NXP IN CONNECTION WITH THE LICENSED
 SOFTWARE PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO WHICH LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARE CLAIMED.
-
 12.        EXPORT COMPLIANCE. Each party shall comply with all applicable
 export and import control laws and regulations including but not limited to the
 US Export Administration Regulation (including restrictions on certain military
@@ -304,9 +255,7 @@ or destination to which such transfer, diversion, export or re-export is
 restricted or prohibited, without obtaining prior written authorization from
 the applicable competent government authorities to the extent required by those
 laws.
-
 13.   GOVERNMENT CONTRACT COMPLIANCE
-
 13.1.      If you sell Authorized Systems directly to any government or public
 entity, including U.S., state, local, foreign or international governments or
 public entities, or indirectly via a prime contractor or subcontractor of such
@@ -314,7 +263,6 @@ governments or entities, NXP makes no representations, certifications, or
 warranties whatsoever about compliance with government or public entity
 acquisition statutes or regulations, including, without limitation, statutes or
 regulations that may relate to pricing, quality, origin or content.
-
 13.2.      The Licensed Software has been developed at private expense and is a
 "Commercial Item" as defined in 48 C.F.R. Section 2.101, consisting of
 "Commercial Computer Software", and/or "Commercial Computer Software
@@ -325,7 +273,6 @@ within, Authorized Systems. Any agreement pursuant to which you share the
 Licensed Software will include a provision that reiterates the limitations of
 this document and requires all sub-agreements to similarly contain such
 limitations.
-
 14.        CRITICAL APPLICATIONS.  In some cases, NXP may promote certain
 software for use in the development of, or for incorporation into, products or
 services (a) used in applications requiring fail-safe performance or (b) in
@@ -343,7 +290,6 @@ APPLICATIONS BY LICENSEE. Accordingly, Licensee will indemnify and hold NXP
 harmless from any claims, liabilities, damages and associated costs and
 expenses (including attorneys' fees) that NXP may incur related to Licensee’s
 incorporation of the Licensed Software in a Critical Application.
-
 15.        CHOICE OF LAW; VENUE.  This Agreement will be governed by,
 construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands, without
 regard to conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all matters relating to
@@ -351,7 +297,6 @@ this Agreement or the Licensed Software, and you agree that any litigation will
 be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, The
 Netherlands. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
 Sale of Goods will not apply to this document.
-
 16.        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  Subject to the license grants and
 restrictions contained herein, you must treat the Licensed Software as
 confidential information and you agree to retain the Licensed Software in
@@ -368,16 +313,13 @@ that you notify NXP of such requirement prior to disclosure, which you only
 disclose the minimum of the required information, and that you allow NXP the
 opportunity to object to such court or other legal body requiring such
 disclosure.
-
 17.       TRADEMARKS.  You are not authorized to use any NXP trademarks, brand
 names, or logos.
-
 18.        ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
 between you and NXP regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, and
 supersedes all prior communications, negotiations, understandings, agreements
 or representations, either written or oral, if any. This Agreement may only be
 amended in written form, signed by you and NXP.
-
 19.        SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Agreement is held for any
 reason to be invalid or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions of this
 Agreement will be unimpaired and, unless a modification or replacement of the
@@ -386,11 +328,9 @@ material benefit, in which case the Agreement will immediately terminate, the
 invalid or unenforceable provision will be replaced with a provision that is
 valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the intention underlying the
 invalid or unenforceable provision.
-
 20.        NO WAIVER.  The waiver by NXP of any breach of any provision of this
 Agreement will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or a
 subsequent breach of the same or a different provision.
-
 21.        AUDIT.  You will keep full, clear and accurate records with respect
 to your compliance with the limited license rights granted under this Agreement
 for three years following expiration or termination of this Agreement. NXP will
@@ -400,32 +340,28 @@ and during normal business hours, all such records that may bear upon your
 compliance with the limited license rights granted above. You must make prompt
 adjustment to compensate for any errors and/or omissions disclosed by such
 examination or audit.
-
 22.        NOTICES.             All notices and communications under this
 Agreement will be made in writing, and will be effective when received at the
 following addresses:
+          NXP:      	NXP B.V.
+                      	High Tech Campus 60
+                        5656 AG Eindhoven
+                       	The Netherlands
+                   	ATTN: Legal Department
 
-          NXP:      NXP B.V.
-                    High Tech Campus 60
-                    5656 AG Eindhoven
-                    The Netherlands
-                    ATTN: Legal Department
-
-          You:      The address provided at registration will be used.
+          You:          The address provided at registration will be used.
 
 23.        RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.     The parties are independent
 contractors. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create any
 partnership, joint venture, or similar relationship. Neither party is
 authorized to bind the other to any obligations with third parties.
-
 24.        SUCCESSION AND ASSIGNMENT.   This Agreement will be binding upon and
 inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
  You may not assign this Agreement, or any part of this Agreement, without the
 prior written approval of NXP, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld
 or delayed. NXP may assign this Agreement, or any part of this Agreement, in
 its sole discretion.
-
-25.       PRIVACY. By agreeing to this Agreement and/or utilizing the Licensed
+25.	PRIVACY. By agreeing to this Agreement and/or utilizing the Licensed
 Software, Licensee consents to use of certain personal information, including
 but not limited to name, email address, and location, for the purpose of
 NXP’s internal analysis regarding future software offerings.  NXP’s
@@ -434,7 +370,6 @@ https://www.nxp.com/company/our-company/about-nxp/privacy-statement:PRIVACYPRACT
 ICES.
 
 APPENDIX A
-
 Other License Grants and Restrictions:
 
 The Licensed Software may include some or all of the following software, which
@@ -496,11 +431,8 @@ Au-Zone Technologies: eIQ Portal, Model Tool, DeepViewRT and ModelRunner are
 distributed by NXP under license from Au-Zone Technologies.  Your use of the
 Licensed Software, examples and related documentation is subject to the
 following:
-
 (1)          Use of Software is limited to Authorized System only
-
 (2)          In no event may Licensee Sublicense the Software
-
 (3)          AU-ZONE TECHNOLOGIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USE OF LICENSED
 SOFTWARE IN CRITICAL APPLICATIONS BY LICENSEE
 
@@ -552,7 +484,6 @@ Embedded Systems Academy GmbH (EmSA):  Any use of Micro CANopen Plus is subject
 to the acceptance of the license conditions described in the LICENSE.INFO file
 distributed with all example projects and in the documentation and the
 additional clause described below.
-
 Clause 1: Micro CANopen Plus may not be used for any competitive or comparative
 purpose, including the publication of any form of run time or compile time
 metric, without the express permission of EmSA.
@@ -574,6 +505,12 @@ Global Locate (Broadcom Corporation): Use of Global Locate, Inc. software is
 limited to evaluation and demonstration only.  Permitted distributions must be
 similarly limited.  Further rights must be obtained from Global Locate.
 
+LC3plus: LC3plus short frame audio codec features as defined in ETSI TS 103634
+are included in the code. To enable the LC3plus features in a final product, a
+license has to be obtained from Fraunhofer. More information can be found on
+the following web page:
+https://www.iis.fraunhofer.de/en/ff/amm/communication/lc3.html
+
 Microsoft: Except for Microsoft PlayReady software, if the Licensed Software
 includes software owned by Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft"), it is subject
 to the terms of your license with Microsoft (the "Microsoft Underlying Licensed
@@ -660,16 +597,12 @@ SanDisk Corporation: If the Licensed Software includes software developed by
 SanDisk Corporation ("SanDisk"), you must separately obtain the rights to
 reproduce and distribute this software in source code form from SanDisk.
 Please follow these easy steps to obtain the license and software:
-
 (1) Contact your local SanDisk sales representative to obtain the SanDisk
 License Agreement.
-
 (2) Sign the license agreement.  Fax the signed agreement to SanDisk USA
 marketing department at 408-542-0403.  The license will be valid when fully
 executed by SanDisk.
-
 (3) If you have specific questions, please send an email to sales@sandisk.com
-
 You may only use the SanDisk Corporation Licensed Software on products
 compatible with a SanDisk Secure Digital Card.  You may not use the SanDisk
 Corporation Licensed Software on any memory device product.  SanDisk retains
@@ -686,25 +619,21 @@ consistent with the terms found here: http://www.segger.com/jlink-software.html
 Synopsys/Target Compiler Technologies: Your use of the Synopsys/Target Compiler
 Technologies Licensed Software and related documentation is subject to the
 following:
-
 (1) Duration of the license for the Licensed Software is limited to 12 months,
 unless otherwise specified in the license file.
-
 (2) The Licensed Software is usable by one user at a time on a single
 designated computer, unless otherwise agreed by Synopsys.
-
 (3) Licensed Software and documentation are to be used only on a designated
 computer at the designated physical address provided by you on the APEX license
 form.
-
 (4) The Licensed Software is not sub-licensable.
 
-T2 Labs / T2 Software (acquired by Sonos):  As a condition to the grant of any
-license under this Agreement, you represent and warrant that you will comply
-with all licenses, agreements, rules and bylaws of the Bluetooth SIG (Special
-Interest Group ) applicable to the licensed software and documentation and its
-use which may affect when and if you may take certain actions under licenses
-granted hereunder.
+T2 Labs / T2 Software:  As a condition to the grant of any license under this
+Agreement, you represent and warrant that you will comply with all licenses,
+agreements, rules and bylaws of the Bluetooth SIG (Special Interest Group )
+applicable to the licensed software and documentation and its use which may
+affect when and if you may take certain actions under licenses granted
+hereunder.
 
 The license grant under this Agreement is conditional to you being (i) a
 Bluetooth SIG Associate member until such time as the specifications for the
@@ -720,7 +649,6 @@ sublicense or otherwise distribute the source code, or any modifications or
 derivatives thereof as stand-alone products.  You will be responsible for
 qualifying any modifications or derivatives with the Bluetooth SIG and any
 other qualifying bodies.
-
 TARA Systems: Use of TARA Systems GUI technology Embedded Wizard is limited to
 evaluation and demonstration only. Permitted distributions must be similarly
 limited. Further rights must be obtained directly from TARA Systems.
